trivy: edit page (#12405)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/trivy.md

# trivy

> Scanner for vulnerabilities in container images, file systems, and Git repositories, as well as for configuration issues.
> More information: <https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy>.

> - Scan a Docker image for vulnerabilities and exposed secrets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scan an image for vulnerabilities and exposed secrets:
```

Only docker images or also other kinds of images?

Author: > Only docker images or also other kinds of images?

Docker image only when subcommand is `image`. Reference here: https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/v0.49/docs/target/container_image/

`trivy image {{image:tag}}`

> - Scan a Docker image filtering by severities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scan a Docker image filtering the output by severity:
```

`trivy image --severity {{HIGH,CRITICAL}} {{alpine:3.15}}`

> - Scan a Docker image ignoring any unfixed/unpatched vulnerabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scan an image ignoring any unfixed/unpatched vulnerabilities:
```

see above

Author: As mentioned above `image` means docker image here. Resolving conversation.

`trivy image --ignore-unfixed {{alpine:3.15}}`

- Scan the filesystem for vulnerabilities and misconfigurations:

`trivy fs --security-checks {{vuln,config}} {{path/to/project_directory}}`

- Scan a IaC (Terraform, CloudFormation, ARM, Helm and Dockerfile) directory for misconfigurations:

`trivy config {{path/to/iac_directory}}`

- Scan a local or remote git repository for vulnerabilities:

`trivy repo {{path/to/local_repository_directory|remote_repository_URL}}`

> - Scan a git repository upto a specific commit hash:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scan a git repository up to a specific commit hash:
```

So it scans all commits from the initial commit to the one specified?

> - Scan a local or remote git repository for vulnerabilities:
> 
> `trivy repo {{path/to/local_repository_directory|remote_repository_URL}}`
> 
> - Scan a git repository up to a specific commit hash:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Scan a local or remote Git repository for vulnerabilities:

`trivy repo {{path/to/local_repository_directory|remote_repository_URL}}`

- Scan a Git repository up to a specific commit hash:
```
